yo whats up youtube this is chris breezy
and i have four new sneaker pickups um
one of them I cop yesterday to them no
the other one I cop like two weeks ago
and then started to was cop from for me
like a month ago so well actually not
two months ago so here goes the first
one is my first blue box because I
haven't really liked the other blue
boxes that came out but yeah this is a
person when I copy yesterday I can't
from but are there with you movie nike
dunk low premium SB 5 10 pay yeah retail
form yeah these these i like them but
i'm willing to let go of you suggesting
you up for doctors but it is the new
buck super sweet and then the patent
leather no it's not that it's just
letter but it's like a shiny then big
big debilitating easy that stock I was
number one in mine yeah so if you want
just in the open office
second shoe I got it from Nike town
Chicago like I was watching YouTube
videos so that's why that's why I cop
this man that's what that's what made me
talk to you shoot up here is air griffey
max one bottle from Nike town Chicago
yep
so shoot the light that the boat in the
boat green maybe you want to buy these
just sets off the shoe in the air bubble
solution said I like he's way more than
the black joystick in the school buck
and then this big nike big night regimen
so daddy's I'm actually keeping in
workington even yeah that's it for
beneficiary these shoes I'm kind of hate
on them I just wanted to put them on my
video because they are dead stock cop
that house of hoops and north riverside
well it was too much drama for the
achievement like I would have been mad
if if I would have never got him because
I was wanting to first few guys over
there and then the security guard with
puck humming this stuff to run to the
door and line up doesn't mean you're
crazy so we got the cotton bug and ended
up copper oh yeah
thank you very easy nine and a half
ethical past five zones around big cove
tannery toe in that race prices
man yeah we're here like you're
you put it be benched squash under why
place lock around it why print these I'm
struggling to I mean you guys want to
buy up to the peashooter to know so
shoot me up about first comment reach
message he ever my left hair I didn't
even copy someone else talking to me
like didn't they come out here in
Chicago as so much caffeine
nike trainer 1 many Pacquiao's my second
relief only 208 100 word will relief to
the project other 100 was friends and
family I got a slice of loving I'm a
size 10 so I can't even wear them so i'm
setting B's also make sure you're way
too romantic always sick ito yeah gold
letters o gold another with a Flywire
white the white mother's is feels true
soft and this this new boxee box yeah
this is nuba can will stay with red
laces and then maybe look at the paper
on this man many pack y'all know those
68 the inside
I know you guys can see it yeah man pack
here on door and there's like an eagle
in their size 11 on the back then this
hair which said a second 2009 and you
whoop Ricky heads as your foot so um
yeah size 11 give me up with offers give
me up with offers on how the shoes
except for the air max air max air max
griffeys come on keep keeping those no
I'll check this out man I throw up
to that thank you Kobe for wearing
t-shirts out there yes nike town Chicago
okay all right man that's it yeah this
is chris breezy comment or a private
message before for your offers for the
easies lobsters and the pack cows so yep
peace out